Summary
Provides trading and commercial related analytics and support to the Power and Natural Gas team. Gathers and maintains data to accurately monitor and report group book, KPIs, positions, and improvement initiatives. Gathers and reports on market intelligence and insights into regional supply/demand activities. Collaborates with team to manage and administer electricity, natural gas, hydrogen and steam supply/demand tactical activities and information. Collaborates with team and other stakeholders to assist in the modeling, evaluation, and implementation of opportunities and optimization.
Responsibilites
Monitors and maintains Power & Natural Gas groups transaction information associated with the purchase, sale, contract management, and trades for natural gas, electricity, steam, and hydrogen to accurately monitor and report on book, KPIs, positions and initiatives.
Computes and tracks performance metrics and conducts variance analysis to assess portfolio performance. Assists team with review, analysis, and explanation of variations and position exposures. Works closely with the Analytics group to coordinate participation in development, reporting, and root cause analysis of variances.
Provides analytical support to the team in identifying, evaluating, and modeling optimization opportunities related to pricing, hedging, forecasting, transportation, delivery hub options, and other commercial terms, primarily to help facilitate decision-making.
Researches and makes recommendations to resolve trade and transaction related discrepancies. Participates in development and enhancement of position monitoring and management tools for team to facilitate decision-making.
Acquires and maintains external and internal information and resources to develop market intelligence and insights into regional supply/demand issues and knowledge of market fundamentals. Works closely with the Market Analysis group to prepare data analysis for the team to produce relevant market research.
Provides analytical support to the team to support modeling of long term contracts and project development opportunities.
Supports Accounting and Trading Controls with reconciliation of position reports to systems of record.
