We are currently seeking talented Data Quality Analyst I for our San Antonio, TX facility.
Defines data quality rules and ensures the proper implementation of data quality during the creation and modification of data, according to Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards, guidelines, metrics and quality-expectations. Defines rules to evaluate data quality and creates effective test plans, according to Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards. Ensures accuracy, completeness, integrity, consistency, uniqueness, and timeliness of data. Executes Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality tests/assessments and data cleansing activities. Monitors compliance of data flows against Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards. Serves as liaison between business and internal and external clients.
Job Requirements
Leverages working data management knowledge to maintain data quality and metadata processes, assist in the development of data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics/quality-expectations for data elements that support critical business processes.
Reviews, validates, and records metadata and data quality issues. Works to document effectiveness of data quality controls and metadata capture, and identifies improvement opportunities.
Leverages working data management knowledge to implement controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards, as appropriate. Maintains, monitors, and updates the data quality corrective action plan.
Reviews and documents failures from data quality compliance assessment checks. Begins to work with Information Governance to establish criteria for specific data quality compliance assessment checks.
Performs metadata repository maintenance, access requests, and proper metadata association.
Leverages working data management knowledge to begin create, update, and maintain reference data, and to communicate changes to impacted business areas.
