Purpose of Job

Responds to and resolves member inquiries related to fraud activity on credit or debit card accounts. Processes the initial chargeback cycle, monetary adjustments and demonstrates familiarity with representments.

We are currently seeking talented Fraud Investigative Analyst III for our San Antonio, TX facility.
Job Requirements

Acquires and applies foundational knowledge of banking regulations, including Federal Banking Regulations E/Z governing fraudulent activity, card/deposit association rules, and associated USAA policies and processes to ensure compliance.
Monetarily restores and reconciles member's accounts using fundamental accounting rules. Analyzes, prepares and documents all fraud accounts for charge off according to and within department and/or regulatory timeframes.
Begin using sound decision-making and discretion in making independent decisions that mitigate corporate risk at each decision point throughout the investigation.
Performs routine work assignments to support other team members and Global Business Partners; initiates contact with members.
Performs routine recovery processes on card/deposit accounts and utilizes best practices to maximize recoveries by adhering to Compliance Regulations and Association rules/guidelines.
With minimal supervision conduct searches, gather data and record evidence from internal systems, the internet, and commercial databases in support of the investigative process.
Relation to Other Positions This position is an individual contributor role and directly reports to leadership roles within the organization.

Work Conditions - This position resides in a General Office environment. - The standard work schedule is Monday - Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Overtime may be required as needed. - Travel will not be required.

Measures of Performance

Performance for this position will be measured through a standard performance appraisal instrument on a mid-year and annual basis. Additionally, this position will have set goals, projects and metrics associated with the role that will be measured as part of the performance evaluation process.

