Purpose of Job

Data Scientist Senior uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees.

We are currently seeking talented Associate Data Scientist for our San Antonio, TX or Plano, TX facility.
Job Requirements

Partners with business leaders across the organization to define business problems and research questions; Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on cross-functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization.
Builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives.
Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features.
Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible.
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.
Maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Maintains expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions.
