Job Number: R0011225

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 8-2-2017

Full Job Title: Mortgage Pooler Analyst II

 

Purpose of Job

IMPORTANT: Applicants – When filling out your name and other personal information below, DO NOT use any special characters or ALL CAPS. Use only standard letters in the English alphabet. Including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.

We are currently seeking talented Mortgage Pooler Analyst II for our San Antonio, TX facility.

Responsible for supporting the Mortgage pipeline and warehouse risk management function through allocation of loans for best delivery execution. Executes tight coordination with cross functional mortgage fulfillment functions. Reports to Director of Mortgage Trading; maintains compliance with policies, procedures, regulatory requirements applicable to the mortgage and banking industry.
Job Requirements

Works under the direction of the Mortgage Trade Desk; has daily interaction to confirm execution strategy, review market performance, and ensure tight integration with Treasury Operations and other secondary marketing functions.
Delivers accurate data and pool balances to trade desk to facilitate trading activity. Accurately forecasts delivery volumes and perform other pipeline and warehouse analysis.
Records activities in the secondary marketing risk management system. Maintains models and forecasts, confirming data accuracy and providing information to affected parties.
Under moderate supervision, allocates mortgage loans into pools, evaluating at loan level for best execution requirements; administers secondary delivery processes that are in concert with Secondary Delivery function, including securitization and cash sales of pools through government-sponsored agencies.
Under moderate supervision, ensures Secondary Market risk management systems accurately reflect best execution pooling activities; maintains system inputs such as guarantee fee information, buyup/buydowns, pooling priorities, and coupon slotting.
