Provides governance, quality, integrity and timeliness of operational data for the enterprise. Establishes and enforces enterprise data policies, standards, practices and processes according to best practices. Monitors the use of data to ensure careful control and effective use to achieve enterprise objectives. Leads, motivates and facilitates cross-functional teams in the development of information and data governance initiatives. Directs the development of strategies, policies, principles, procedures, standards and metrics. Serves as a coach and mentor; and provides guidance to cross-functional team members to ensure success in achieving business objectives.
We are currently seeking a talented Lead Information Governance Advisor for our San Antonio, TX location.
Job Requirements
Provides strategic partnership to anticipate opportunities for information/data management governance activities and projects.
Influences implementation of information governance and best practices, tools and associated processes across the enterprise.
Influences/drives business awareness of information/data governance through work activities to include awareness forums.
Authors information governance guidelines, principles, policies, and standards for information / data stewards, stakeholders, and development teams. Orchestrates audits of information governance capabilities through subject matter experts.
Develops prioritization methods for and implementation plans for information governance initiatives.
Responsible for acquiring and applying expert knowledge of various lines of the business, channels, and their applications and processes to include providing advice on satisfying regulatory requirements related to information governance and management.
Leads the assessment and coordination of information governance training requirements and learning objectives for the enterprise.
Prepares formal reports and presentations of findings and recommendations; presents findings to various levels of leadership.