Simulation Modeling Analyst 
JDSAT - San Antonio, TX 
$70,000 - $150,000 a year
We are looking for an enthusiastic, self-driven Simulation Modeling Analyst with strong Agent Based Modeling background. The candidate will be tasked with familiarizing his/her-self with existing call center agent based models, but mainly with building new organizational and consumer behavior agent based models, along with workforce management models (for example: employee demographics models). The candidate needs to have experience in Discrete Event and Agent-Based simulation methods. AnyLogic modeling experience is strongly desired. Must be fluent with the Java programming language. Knowledge of machine learning algorithms is a plus but it is not required. 

Provide decision support for business areas across the enterprise. Staff in this area will be responsible for applying mathematical and statistical techniques and/or innovative /quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make 'insight to action' recommendations to answer business objectives and drive change. The essence of work performed by the Decision Science Analyst involves gathering, manipulating and synthesizing data (e.g., attributes, transactions, behaviors, etc.), models and other relevant information to draw conclusions and make recommendations resulting in implementable strategies. 

Must be willing to relocate to San Antonio, TX. 
Requirements:
Leverages business/analytical knowledge to participate in discussions with cross-functional teams to understand and collaborate on business objectives and influence solution strategies. The business problems analyzed are typically medium to large scale with impact to current and/or future business strategy.
Applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make 'insight to action' recommendations to answer the business objective and drive the appropriate change.
Translates recommendation into communication materials to effectively present to colleagues for peer review and mid-to-upper level management.
Incorporates visualization techniques to support the relevant points of the analysis and ease the understanding for less technical audiences.
Identifies and gathers the relevant and quality data sources required to fully answer and address the problem for the recommended strategy through testing or exploratory data analysis (EDA).
Integrates/transforms disparate data sources and determines the appropriate data hygiene techniques to apply.
Thoroughly documents assumptions, methodology, validation and testing to facilitate peer reviews.
Subsequent analysts should be able to rely on documentation to replicate and continue work.
Understands and adopts emerging technology that can affect the application of scientific methodologies and/or quantitative analytical approaches to problem resolutions.
Delivers analysis/findings in a manner that conveys understanding, influences mid to upper level management, garners support for recommendations, drives business decisions, and influences business strategy.
Recommendations typically have an impact on business results
