Job Number: R0011196

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 8-1-2017

Full Job Title: Risk Analyst I - IT Operations

 

Purpose of Job

IMPORTANT: Applicants – When filling out your name and other personal information below, DO NOT use any special characters or ALL CAPS. Use only standard letters in the English alphabet. Including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.

We are currently seeking a talented Risk Analyst I - IT Operations for our San Antonio, TX facility.

The Technology Risk Analyst position provides technology risk insights & analytics for a line of business or staff agency in key risk identification, measurement and aggregation, and the understanding and management of risk through appropriate practices and processes. Assesses and mitigates enterprise and business exposures through the identification of key and emerging risks and evaluates alignment with risk strategy and appetite. Monitors the risk and control environment to ensure that exposures are kept at acceptable levels and may consult on risk mitigation plans.
Job Requirements

Partners with key stakeholders in the business to identify, assess, aggregate and document risks and controls, including risks associated with new or modified products, services, distribution channels, regulations and third party operations using advanced knowledge. Mat present findings to various levels of leadership. Communicates results of risk assessments to governance committees, business process owners and various levels of leadership.
Contributes to the implementation of new risk policies, practices, appetites and solutions to ensure holistic understanding and management of risks according to industry best practice. Enhances strategies, tools, and methodologies to measure, monitor, and report risks.
Applies intermediate knowledge to utilize or produce analytical material for discussions with cross-functional teams to understand business objectives and influence solution strategies.
Effectively contributes in cross-functional teams to identify, assess, aggregate and mitigate current and emerging risk events.
Effectively contributes to projects that impact the organization.
 Supports the formulation of stress test plans for a line of business or the enterprise including the evaluation of results, and framing of contingency plans in partnership with key business stakeholders.
