Job Number: R0011006

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 8-2-2017

Full Job Title: Business Operations Analyst I

 

Purpose of Job

We are currently seeking talented Business Operations Analyst I for our San Antonio, TX facility.

This position supports Financial Planning and Advice, FASG.

Compiles, analyzes and interprets data to make tactical recommendations to business managers. Applies descriptive statistical data to business operations and presents recommendations to management in a meaningful format. Participates in projects requiring reporting of key metrics. May partner with technology group to define business requirements, perform user acceptance testing and implement changes. Consults with the business client to understand, define and provide information to inform the problem and recommend solutions. Provides subject matter expertise on all matters of business analytical or operational data needs. Works closely with enterprise and business process owners to integrate data analytics into business processes to improve business performance.
Job Requirements

Partners with the business and Information Technology to meet the needs for COSA data reporting, analytics and projects. Performs compilation, analysis and reporting of COSA data.
Intermediate subject matter knowledge in consulting and advising business partners on ad hoc or undefined matters related to business analytics and decision support solutions. Identifies and pursues opportunities to utilize data delivery and business solutions techniques to optimize their contribution to resolving business issues.
Interacts across key stakeholders to deliver and increase efficiency and effectiveness of the reporting needs
Maintains an understanding of business processes, supporting data and applications and strategic direction. Performs quality work efforts, assignments and problem resolution.
Provides consulting to define the problem, provides insights into what happened and when, and suggests alternative performance metrics.
Liaison between business/enterprise processes and analytics team to improve delivery, value and integration of analytics into business/enterprise processes.
