Description
 
Summary Description: This position assists with assembling project business cases, planning and monitoring the execution of the business case, elicits, organizes, and documents customer requirements, and translates / manages communication of requirements to all parties.  Utilizes and references business, application, information, and system architecture with all business scenarios and motivations. Partners with the Finance team to incorporate the financial architecture. A Business Analyst develops an integrated view/vision of the enterprise using a repeatable approach, cohesive framework, and available industry standard techniques. Build and Communicate using visual diagramming and written documentation to explain the vision, opportunity, and expected business outputs (example: conceptual prototypes and mock ups). The artifacts produced may be shared with various audiences (from fellow colleagues to Executive Leadership).
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Conducts market research into emerging trends in identified industries.
Partners with internal clients to align strategic goals and objectives with decisions regarding capabilities, sourcing, organization, products, services and key initiatives.
Illustrates the alignment, or lack thereof, between goals and key business decisions regarding products and services, partners and suppliers, organization, capabilities and key initiatives.
Plans, organizes and leads working sessions to detail current processes and capture existing systems and tools, as well as current business operations that need to be considered in the future state design.
Works with department to write technical documentation for software development and system engineering initiatives as well as improve document quality and usability.
Reviews, develops and edits complex written and graphical technical materials, including system configurations, interface control documents, system workflow diagrams, drawings, white papers, studies and other materials.
Ensures compliance with industry standards and best practices of style and format; excellent usage of the English language, and overall structure and organization of material to create professional documentation.
Supports the development of an integrated view of the enterprise, using a repeatable approach, cohesive framework, and available industry standard technique.
Recommends strategies for the purpose of enhancing the company.
Conducts organizational studies and work simplification studies to help streamline business processes.
Depicts architectural and/or business process changes
Depicts and communicates the described vision (using Microsoft Office products) the business need and expectation to leadership and/or a project team
Communicate the vision for a change the business will realize when taking advantage of a new opportunity
Communicate (through visual, textual, and verbal methods) team alignment and vision to the Executive Level Sponsors
Actively engages with all parties to ensure quality of data, communications and reports
Assumes additional responsibilities as assigned
