Job Number: R0011181

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 8-1-2017

Full Job Title: Sr Risk Analyst

 

Purpose of Job

We are currently seeking a talented Sr Risk Analyst for our San Antonio, TX, facility.

The Sr Risk Analyst provides risk management support for a line of business or staff agency in key risk identification, measurement and aggregation, and the understanding and management of risk through appropriate practices and processes. Assesses and mitigates enterprise and business exposures through the identification of key and emerging risks and evaluates alignment with risk strategy and appetite. Monitors the risk and control environment to ensure that exposures are kept at acceptable levels and may consult on risk mitigation plans.
Job Requirements

Partners with key stakeholders in the business to identify, assess, aggregate and document risks and controls, including risks associated with new or modified products, services, distribution channels, regulations and third party operations using advanced knowledge. Presents findings to various levels of leadership. Communicates results of risk assessments to governance committees, business process owners and various levels of leadership.
Implements new risk policies, practices, appetites and solutions to ensure holistic understanding and management of risks according to industry best practice. Enhances and contributes to strategies, tools, and methodologies to measure, monitor, and report risks.
Applies advanced knowledge to utilize or produce analytical material for discussions with cross-functional teams to understand business objectives and influence solution strategies.
Serves as a key contributor in cross-functional teams to identify, assess, aggregate and mitigate current and emerging risk events.
Effectively contributes to projects that impact the organization. Serves as a key contributor on projects that may impact the enterprise or a core operating area.
Formulates stress test plans for a line of business or the enterprise including the evaluation of results, and framing of contingency plans in partnership with key business stakeholders.
