Job Number: R0010585

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 7-21-2017

Full Job Title: Lead Risk Analyst

 

Purpose of Job

We are currently seeking a talented Lead Risk Analyst for our San Antonio, TX facility.

The Lead Risk Analyst provides risk management support for a line of business or staff agency in key risk identification, measurement and aggregation, and the understanding and management of risk through appropriate practices and processes. Assesses and mitigates enterprise and business in exposures through the identification of key and emerging risks and evaluates alignment with risk strategy and appetite. Monitors the risk and control environment to ensure that exposures are kept at acceptable levels and may consult on risk mitigation plans. Leads and executes complex initiatives and cross functional teams within the Chief Risk Office and across the Enterprise that drive problem resolution. Leverages broad enterprise knowledge and/or expert knowledge of multiple core business discipline(s), products and processes.

This position provides leadership and oversight for multiple core areas (that may vary or change) of responsibility under Enterprise Operational Risk. Projects can be high profile with significant bottom-line impact, highly complex, strategic in nature and enterprise-wide.
Job Requirements

Identifies and seeks key stakeholders across the enterprise to support the identification, assessment, aggregation and the overall management of risks and controls. Presents findings and recommendations to various levels of leadership. Routinely communicates results of risk assessments to governance committees, business process owners and various levels of leadership and influences decision making.
Develops process and procedures for successful implementation of new risk policies, practices, appetites and solutions to ensure holistic understanding and management of risks according to industry best practice. Develops strategies, tools, and methodologies to measure, monitor, and report risks.
 Applies expert knowledge to utilize or produce analytical material for discussions with cross-functional teams to understand business objectives and influence solution strategies.
Leads, assembles and facilitates cross-functional teams to identify, assess, aggregate and mitigate current and emerging risk events.
Serves as the point of contact for senior risk leadership on projects and special management requests that often impact the enterprise or core operating area.
Formulates and reviews stress test plans for a line of business or the enterprise. Evaluates results, and frames contingency plans in partnership with key business stakeholders. Crafts key communications to be delivered to executives and board members.
