Job Number: R0010537

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 7-25-2017

Full Job Title: Database Admnstr/Anlst I

 

Purpose of Job

IMPORTANT: Applicants – When filling out your name and other personal information below, DO NOT use any special characters or ALL CAPS. Use only standard letters in the English alphabet. Including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.

We are seeking a talented Database Admnstr/Anlst I for our San Antonio, TX facility. Work from candidate will be considered.

Participates in the analysis, design, modeling, development, implementation and maintenance of databases on a variety of information technology platforms. Under minimal supervision, performs moderately complex to complex work assignments and problem resolution across systems, processes, or channels. Performs multiple team roles (team member, team co-leader) in the delivery of technical solutions.
Job Requirements

ABOUT USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

ABOUT USAA IT

Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day.

We are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.

See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:

USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Acquires and applies intermediate knowledge of database design and management including modeling, creation and maintenance of database objects. Applies in-depth understanding of database tools and utilities and at least one DBMS platform, as well as highly developed SQL and database performance tuning skills. Performs evaluation, modification and integration functions associated with vendor supplied database software. Ensures business continuity by developing and implementing highly available database systems and database recovery plans and procedures. Liaises with database software vendors and external technical support on issues. Serves as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature.

