Job Number: R0011082

Locations:
San Antonio, TX
Date Posted: 8-1-2017

Full Job Title: Sr Modeling Analyst

 

Purpose of Job

IMPORTANT: External Applicants – When filling out your name and other personal information below, DO NOT USE ALL CAPS or any special characters. Use only standard letters in the English alphabet. Including special characters or all uppercase letters will cause errors in your application.

The Senior Modeling Analyst is responsible for helping to lead the design, development, and maintenance of USAA's Enterprise economic, regulatory, and rating agency Bank capital models. The main use of the model will be to establish required corporate capital and to allow for various scenarios tests to inform broad business strategy decisions. The model will be used to inform risk management and strategic decisions at the Bank. The position will work regularly with other analysts on Bank Credit, Stress Testing/DFAST, Finance, and CRO teams. The candidate will have an understanding of technical issues in econometric and statistical modeling and apply these skills toward solving business problems.

Develop and analyze data to predict business results or member behavior. Expert knowledge in statistics, mathematics, and tools used in predictive modeling. Partner cross-functionally with business to deliver breakthrough analytical solutions to support a winning strategy in a continually changing business environment.

We are currently seeking talented Senior Modeling Analyst for our San Antonio, TX facility.
Job Requirements

Lead the development, enhancement and implementation of statistical and other quantitative models to support forecasting, member behavior-based scoring and other business applications.
Understand technical issues in econometric and statistical modeling and apply these skills toward solving business problems. Identify opportunities to apply quantitative methods to improve business performance.
Full ownership of the model development process and relationship with the business customer: from conceptualization through data exploration, model selection and validation, implementation, business user training and support.
Strong understanding of the model lifecycle management process with ability to identify gaps and opportunities for improvement in business applications.
Develop model monitoring plan, monitor statistical model performance, and provide technical guidance to business leadership.
Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds.
Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds.
