Job Number: R0010524

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 8-1-2017

Full Job Title: Business Support Analyst - Senior

 

Purpose of Job

This position is responsible for the implementation of solutions for complex business problems. The individual serves as a team leader to other Analysts who are responsible for supporting key operational functions and providing recommendations for improvement. This is the highest level in the Business Support Analyst career path.

This is a leadership role that draws upon a strong financial and IT background in order to aggregate data, drive decisions, and provide guidance within a deadline-driven team.
Job Requirements

Develops and maintains an understanding of overall business functions with in-depth knowledge of specific areas/functions and related activities. Provides expertise in development of business goals and objectives to exploit all distribution channels, leverage use of data, and simplify processes.
Serves as focal point for external agencies/service providers regarding daily operational activities or proposed strategic changes to the services being performed.
Provides operational support on current processes and supports business operations and management in identifying opportunities and solutions to meet current and future business needs.
Organizes and defines parameters of assigned projects. Assembles relevant data for said project(s).
Validates information and interfaces with other departments to include presentations of documented findings, alternatives and recommended actions.
May represent the business or staff agency as the subject matter expert on special projects and initiatives.
Participates in the planning, research, analysis, development, and implementation of new and modifications to existing applications and processes to provide new or improved capabilities, products, and/or services.
Develops and maintains an understanding of overall business functions.
Broad system knowledge, stays current on all system enhancements, identifies training needs and implements plans.
Assists with the documentation of new and revised departmental procedures.
Gathers information, analyzes data and trends, identifies root causes, and develops work products.
Serves as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature.
Performs research, analysis, and resolution of account issues through the use of reports. Reviews, validates, and/or analyzes reports that function as a control to existing processes.
Generates and/or develops regulatory and management reports. Develops and analyzes additional ad-hoc reports as needed by Management and or Regulatory Agencies.
