Job Number: R0010567

Location: San Antonio, TX

Date Posted: 7-20-2017

Full Job Title: Senior Research Consultant

 

Purpose of Job

A strategic partner in designing, developing, executing and analyzing research projects for short and long term business goals and results. Synthesizes research from multiple sources and translates findings into business issues, strategies and recommendations. Leads and facilitates cross-functional teams in the application of the appropriate research methodologies (i.e., qualitative, quantitative, text or business intelligence), design innovation, marketing strategies, and general industry trends to understand member insights and translate findings into business strategies. Business recommendations can be based on quantitative or qualitative data, understanding the underlying assumptions of each and their relative impact to address the business problem.

We are currently seeking a talented Senior Research Consultant for our San Antonio, TX location.
Job Requirements

Under minimal supervision, leads, facilitates and/or collaborates cross-functional teams to provide strategic research consulting services to evaluate and understand the needs of the business in support of strategic research initiatives.
Effectively collaborates with Research Analysts to achieve research project milestones, partnering on design refinement and/or design change.
Determines the appropriate research methodologies, design and build of executable plans in support of complex strategic initiatives.
Assembles key participants and facilitates cross-functional teams in the research design and execution.
Works closely with teams and resources to achieve milestones within established timeframes.
Oversees research plan, engages for initial refinement and/or design change.
Applies an advanced level of knowledge in overseeing the research plan using advanced and appropriate methodology (quantitative, qualitative, text or business intelligence).
Proactively communicates high quality updates to key stakeholders, to include middle level executive stakeholders.
Collaborates with key stakeholders and LOB leaders to deliver written and verbal recommendations to middle level executives that provide clear guidance on insights and expected results.
Mentors and provides guidance to peers and team members; navigates through obstacles to resolve escalated issues of an unusual nature.
