Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Utilize Industrial Engineering and Supply Chain Management concepts to Minimize Inventory, Handling and Logistics cost to ensure successful delivery of material at Optimum Cost.
Responsible for  accuracy of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Releases to the Supplier, Freight Spending, Reconciliation of the Supplier Receipts for Accounts Payable.
Manage Material Inventory levels.
Manage Change Implementation during Product Launch. 
Work with IT Teams and other functional departments to develop and Implement Enterprise Management Systems.
Ensure MBOM (Manufacturing Bill of Materials) are structured accurately in the MMS (Material Management Systems).
Ability to determine best production Scheduling practices and complementing Inventory Control Strategies. Establishes Replenishment systems to be used for smooth Material Flow across the plant.
Co-ordination of Material Imports.
Ability to analyze large data sets of transactions to Root cause an issue.
Understanding of Financial Accounting Principles and execute strategies to improve KPI’s (Key Performance Indicator’s). 
Use Appropriate Forecasting Techniques to order Material,
Determine Supply Chain Communication Strategies;
Identify and Process Supplier Claims and participates in conflict resolution under the boundaries,
Reviews and corrects any system error.
 
Safety:
 
Providing leadership in developing measures and practices that prevent accident and ensure compliance with OSHA standards.  This includes: continuously monitor the workplace for hazardous safety and health conditions.
Ensure safety and health hazards are corrected, eliminated or guarded
Assessing engineering controls, administrative controls, and PPE on an on-going basis
Assisting in the investigation of accidents.  This includes:
Identifying hazardous situations that are associated with the accident
Having the authority to: Stop and prevent unsafe actions; stop the use of unsafe equipment and tools, stop work and/or have employees leave a work area
Investigate all near misses and other safety-related incidents that have occurred within the incident area
Ensure the results of safety audits are documented; monitoring the investigation of accidents and injuries; ensuring that corrective actions are taken; and providing recommendations for ways to prevent similar accidents
Ensure that all incident reports are completed in a timely and accurate manner
