We are currently seeking talented Data Quality Analyst I for our San Antonio, TX facility.
Interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining
independently. Defines data quality rules and ensures the proper implementation of data quality during the creation and modification of data, according to Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards, guidelines, metrics and quality-expectations. Defines rules to evaluate data quality and creates effective test plans, according to Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards. Ensures accuracy, completeness, integrity, consistency, uniqueness, and timeliness of data. Executes Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality tests/assessments and data cleansing activities. Monitors compliance of data flows against Enterprise Data and Analytics data quality standards. Serves as liaison between business and internal and external clients.
Job Requirements
Leverages intermediate data management knowledge to maintain and define data quality and metadata processes, participates in development of data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics/quality-expectations for data elements that support critical business processes. Participates in and may lead discussions with cross-functional teams.
Profiles data (statistical analysis and assessment of data). Documents effectiveness of data quality controls and metadata capture, and identifies improvement opportunities. Participates in development of best practices and tools based on business needs.
Leverages intermediate knowledge to implement controls to mitigate data quality risks including monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards. Ensures adherence to enterprise data quality programs and standards. Ensures that the data quality corrective action plan is thoroughly documented.
Checks and reviews failures from the compliance assessment checks, and recommend corrective action. Partners with enterprise data and analytic stakeholders to ensure relevance of criteria for data quality process compliance assessment.
Manages ongoing metadata repository management and proper metadata association.
Leverages intermediate data management knowledge to assess impact of proposed changes to reference data, and to coordinate changes with impacted business areas.
