Requisition ID: 58621 

Summary: 

Working with the customer in project releases on technical & functional data archiving objects starting from scoping, requirements gathering, implementation, and eventual go-live. Must have worked before on Data archiving, knowledge of backend archive system is advantageous. The Archiving Analyst will play a critical role in the implementation and execution of projects & initiatives aimed at curbing data growth in the SAP landscape. 

Responsibilities:
Work with customer in identifying the largest and top growth tables
Identify the archive objects related to those tables
Work with business & process team in identifying the residency & retention time frames
Implement the archive objects and work with SAP if any issues or OSS notes to be implemented as a part.
Go-live with the project and ensure all necessary configurations are in place.
Eventually catching up the data for past and plan for steady-state job executions
Data archiving knowledge – ADK & other newer processes.
Knowledge of ECM like opentext, IBM commonstore,
Experience with DART tool & functionalities
Experience in working with SAP in raising messages & notes implementation.
Good to have knowledge on ABAP & functional areas as applicable
Review and integrate the technical architecture requirements for Data Archiving.
Partnered with functional teams to identify archiving objects, targeted data, establish residence times, and configure selection criteria for each.
Perform necessary SAP configurations for archive objects
Monitor Archiving jobs for effectiveness & completeness
Requirements:
Minimum undergraduate degree in Information Systems, Business Administration or related field of study required.
SAP certification in solutions and components preferred.
Project management certification preferred.
Lean Six Sigma yellow belt or higher certification preferred.
Minimum 2 years SAP work experience required.
Minimum of 2 years of experience with OpenText ECM, xECM, ArchiveServer, ContentServer
Minimum 5 years’ experience in data archiving
Minimum 5 years analytical and business requirements gathering experience on information technology team required.
IS-Oil experience preferred.
Expertise in two or more Functional knowledge on those SAP modules such as SD, MM, PP, FI, etc...
SAP ILM knowledge/experience preferred but not mandatory.
