Basic Qualifications -
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Science or related field
At least 10 years Information Technology work experience, to include:
At least 7 years experience in an Enterprise Data Architect or similar role
At least 3 years additional experience in a developer, business/data analyst, quality assurance analyst, ETL developer, Database Administrator, or similar role.
Experience performing solution design associated with data modeling, message modeling, and integration


Other Position Requirements -
Experience with solutions from any existing Cloud Service Provider (e.g. Amazon EC2, Google, or Microsoft Azure.
Experience with both on premise and Cloud Integration frameworks (i.e. Mulesoft, Infomatica, Boomi, etc.).
Demonstrated experience working in enterprise Data Architecture programs
Demonstrated experience guiding and defining a data strategy
Proven ability to work with all levels within an organization
Experience in influencing executive business and IT leadership
Demonstrated attention to detail and organizational skills
Demonstrated communication and presentation skills
Demonstrated knowledge in the Data domains (Analytics, BI, Big Data, Operational Data Store, Metadata, Master Data, Unstructured Data)
Demonstrated ability to design and develop Business Process Management workflows, spanning both orchestration and human task use cases
Demonstrated knowledge of message exchange patterns (synchronous request-reply, asynchronous fire-and-forget, broadcast-multi-cast, and publish-subscribe.)
Experienced in SOA, with a proven understanding of web services (XSDs, WSDLs) used within an Enterprise Service Bus
Demonstrated knowledge of transformation techniques, including but not limited to transformation, aggregation, decomposition, abstraction, and canonicalization.
Hands-on ability to build and manage enterprise canonical models, leveraging both industry and application specific service models
Hands-on ability to build and manage enterprise data models, leveraging both industry and application specific service models
Demonstrated experience in defining and implementing distributed enterprise component-based architecture and frameworks to support abstraction
Proven ability to work with various service transports and protocols (i.e. SOAP, HTTP, MQ, etc.)
Experience with unstructured or semi-structured data design and implementation
Hands on experience with data profiling tools and processes
Demonstrated knowledge of normalized and dimensional modeling techniques
Demonstrated ability to understand and mitigate architecture risk and compromise


Preferred Qualifications:

Consulting background
Prior experience with Financial Force, Salesforce, Wave and Salesforce object model.
Certifications in Enterprise Architecture frameworks (i.e. TOGAF, Zachman, EABOK, EACOE, etc).
Experience with traditional data warehouse analyst, ETL developer, or BI / information delivery developer roles.
Experience with SQL Server, MySQL, and/or similar databases
Experience with data modeling, reverse-engineering, and profiling tools, such as ERwin, Embarcadero, Data Explorer, Data Flux