Minimum Requirements

8 years risk management or operations experience in a relevant functional area to include banking, insurance, financial services, audit, project management, public accounting or other related operational area OR a bachelors degree, advanced degree, or designation in a quantitative discipline relevant to risk management AND 4+ years relevant risk management work experience OR PhD in a quantitative discipline AND 2+ years relevant risk management work experience
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience:

Experience providing oversight for multiple business disciplines under Enterprise Operational Risk group (including:  Human Resources, Chief Legal Office, Anti-Money Laundering, Enterprise Strategy and Marketing, and Regulatory Compliance.
Extensive knowledge and demonstrated understanding of the laws and regulations of products and services within the financial services, insurance, banking, investment, or other related operational area that supports risk/compliance initiatives within the business?
Experience leading and partnering with business in gathering complex and unique business requirements to ensure effective design of data support solutions.
Experience creating and monitoring multiple Banking applications and IT controls to help with regulatory and compliance
Financial Institution Regulator experience (OCC, CFPB, Fed)
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

