Required Experience:
SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS:
The successful candidate will have extensive knowledge of the TRICARE military health program and the Military Health System’s data and will have previous experience supporting an enhanced Multiservice Market (Emsm). 
Proven ability to synthesize disparate facts from multiple sources and coalesce into an accurate and useful analytic product, incorporating Service and MHS strategic goals for use by leadership in both tactical and strategic decision making. 
Demonstrated ability to provide accurate and timely analytical products containing well-reasoned and cogent discussion points providing leadership with substantiated options or courses of action
.Demonstrated ability to organize/participate/lead working groups to develop analytic products, by-products, or to develop/understand processes leading to effective optimization of analytic efforts. d. Ability to communicate analytical discoveries and appropriate recommendations/mitigation strategies to senior AFMS leadership. 
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office products 
The candidate should possess at least 10 years of generalized experience working within the AFMS or other MHS entity. Specifically, the contractor will provide candidates who meet the following qualifications through recent experience (at least 12 months of experience within the last 36 months, unless otherwise specified): 
Five (5) years of demonstrated ability conducting thorough and comprehensive system-wide business case and return on investment analysis for healthcare operations within the AFMS, MHS, Veterans Administration (VA) or private sector. 
Proven ability to identify and implement solutions to improve data quality (medical coding, MEPRS usage). 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience working in a leadership role within Resource Management, Group Practice Management, or TRICARE Operations. 
Demonstrated knowledge of CHCS and/or M2 file and table structures. 
Demonstrated knowledge of medical coding practices and processes (ICD-9/10 and CPT/HCPS).
Demonstrated knowledge of internal MTF processes related to the execution of health care. For example: the admissions/dispositions process, patient scheduling and appointing, financial reimbursements through Third Party Collections, and outpatient and inpatient throughput. 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience with integration of performance planning goals to meet the objectives of the Military Health System (MHS) and/or AFMS. 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience to include significant knowledge of MHS Medical Expense and Performance Reporting System (MEPRS) / Defense Medical Human Resources System Internet (DMHRSi), Manpower, Program Objective Memorandum (POM) processes, Finance, and Referral Management/Access to Care. 
Minimum of five (5) years of technical experience in data presentation software and concepts associated with presentation of quantitative information. 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in communicating and writing complex concepts and their effects/impacts on the target environment, such that a lay audience is capable of understanding. 
Minimum of three (3) years of experience working with AF MTF leadership and action officers in 
support of AFMS optimization activities. 
Minimum of a Master’s Degree in Healthcare or Business Administration, Economics, Accounting, Management or 15 years of equivalent health care work experience. 
Access to the following AFMS/MHS information systems for the purpose of data mining/development/analysis: MHS Mart (M2) 
Ability to gain access to the following AFMS/MHS information systems: CHCS, AHLTA, Essentris, PDTS, TMDS, MEPRS/DMHRSi, EAS IV, TPOCS/ABACUS, AFCHIPS, HSDW, and other applicable systems as developed. 

EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
The candidate shall have a Bachelor of Science Degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, or any related field 

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:
Ability to pass a background investigation and receive/maintain a Government issued security clearance (Public Trust). 
