Minimum Experience
If Bachelor's degree, 8+ years experience in Information or Data related practices to include: information governance, information management, information architecture, IT, analysis and reporting OR
If Master's degree, 6+ years experience in Information or Data related practices to include: information governance, information management, information architecture, IT, analysis and reporting OR
If PhD, 5+ years experience Information or Data related practices to include: information governance, information management, information architecture, IT, analysis and reporting
Bachelor's Degree in Information Architecture, Information Management, Information Studies or a related technical field. Four years work experience in information governance, information management or information architecture can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required. OR
A Master's Degree in Information Architecture, Information Management, Information Studies or a related technical field OR
A PhD in Information Architecture, Information Management, Information Studies or a related technical field
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*
When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in a business line performing as Data Steward, Data Governance, Data Analyst, or Business Intelligence Analyst.
Ability to asses and analyze data management or process gaps as well as lead the implementation/remediation of gaps.
Problem solving and excellent communication skills
Ability to facilitate enterprise wide discussions and negotiate compromise
Master Data Management knowledge a plus.
Experience with IBM’s InfoSphere platform or metadata and data quality
Knowledge/Skills/Attributes
Expert knowledge of industry information/data governance best practices.
Expert knowledge of industry information / data governance tools.
Expert knowledge and experience implementing and supporting information / data quality tool solutions.
Expert knowledge and experience implementing and supporting meta-data tool solutions.
Expert knowledge and experience using tools to implement and support information / data steward capabilities.
Expert knowledge and experience using tools to implement and support 3rd party data acquisition solutions.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office tools to include Word, Excel, and Access.
Demonstrated leadership experience.
