The opportunity to work on multidisciplinary projects is one of the most appealing aspects of working at our Company. Every year our staff is involved with thousands of projects, and each consultant has a chance to participate in dozens of them. Many of our projects require consultants from different engineering and scientific backgrounds to work together. These collaborations will give you an opportunity to work alongside many of our accomplished engineers and scientists. Our experienced consultants are able to leverage the technical breadth and depth of our staff to identify and develop new projects and to organize an appropriate project team from our staff members. 

Job Description
provide SAS programming activities for the monitoring, reporting, and analysis of clinical trials and will deliver against the overall protocol timelines and quality goals within the study teams.
Collaborate with project biostatistician in the creation, implementation, and maintenance of execution plan accounting for timeline, resource and quality of the projects
Ensures that all statistical programs comply with the programming coding standards and utilize available standard reporting systems, as well as macro utility programs.
Support statistical programming applications that are used to generate clinical study reports.
Support ADS and TLG generation, and assist with the development of work flow and SOPs for Biostatistics and Statistical Programming operations.
Accountable for the provision of standard and non-standard data sets, tables, listings and figures based on the final synopsis and SAP that are required for the study reports, submissions and product defense.
Communicates effectively not only within the teams and functional lines but also with the external resources
Provides filing, approval and regulatory programming support for all aspects of a submission

Our consultants find themselves with different roles from one project to another. Our projects involve initial inspections and the collecting of evidence, analyzing and recreating the events in our labs, and finding answers and writing reports for our clients. You will be introduced to each step in this process and will eventually master all of them.
