Xenex Disinfection Services is looking for a passionate Healthcare Data Analyst to help further Xenex’s competitive edge to continue our mission to save lives and reduce suffering caused by hospital acquired infections (HAIs). Xenex’s patented room disinfection system reduces the bacterial load that is often associated with an increased risk for healthcare associated infections (HAIs). 

As an employee of Xenex, you will be part of a rapidly growing organization that is impacting patients’ lives. It doesn’t get more rewarding than that! We are looking for candidates who are willing to give their all in this role. In exchange for your passion and dedication, we can offer you an entrepreneurial and rewarding environment where employees are highly respected and valued. 

OVERVIEW: 

Xenex Disinfection Services is seeking an individual to prepare various reports for current and potential future clients. This individual needs to have a deep understanding of the healthcare industry in order to perform these tasks. In addition, this position requires strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret large datasets. As the Healthcare Data Analyst for Xenex you will be responsible for the following: 

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Ability to lead analytics projects as directed by the Manager, Healthcare Economics Analytics. 
Provide business and healthcare data analysis utilizing the company’s data analytics tools. 
Prepare various hospital acquired infection reports and analyses for customers. 
Create, extract, and reconcile large amounts of data in preparation for large scale statistical analyses for Xenex. 
Pull and prepare reports from various cloud databases, including validating, trending and analysis. 
Translate data into meaningful information for executive leadership. Effectively communicate findings of various analyses to management team via clear and concise written reports and oral presentations. 
Interpret data to identify solutions and opportunities for the company. 
Use data and all other available resources to pinpoint trends within company and market areas. 
Other duties as assigned. 
